Legacy migration guides (#55)
stoplightio/platform-docs: docs/6.-migrations/next.md

# Migrating from NEXT (next.stoplight.io)

## Introduction

> The new Stoplight Platform is the third generation of our product, and fundamentally re imagines how Stoplight integrates into your development workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new Stoplight Platform is the third generation of our product, and fundamentally reimagines how Stoplight integrates into your development workflow.
```
